# Full stack CRUD app in React, using react-router for dynamic views

# reflections

On starting this assignment, I got the basics set up fairly easily and implemented more components than previously, having used them monimally in the previous assignment. After testing my routes and getting the pages styled to a basic degree I started to struggle wiht the more advanced processes such as using nested/dynamic routes (which I didn't follow well in thr demo and had hoped to grasp better through practical use in this assignment) and filtering. The main issue I had with these areas was not really understanding how to put a specific string into the param having captured the value and understanding how to pass a specific value from the client side to the server side for use in a query. I understrand that inntheory I could use react-router to put an outlet in the Posts conponent and display the Event component through this and maybe this would have played a role in allowing the filtering to work, but when I tried this it seemed ot break the app when the Posts page was selected for rendering. Please provide feedback on this, as I spent a huge amount of time looking online for answers, but could'nt make sense of it.

I changed my data base to simplify it early on, as I had planned a junction table but realised this was not necessary for the functionality I was going to be able to create in the time available. A screenshot of the original plan and one of the final database schema will be inlcuded in the submission. After the change, I had the event_id column in the going table related to the id column in the events table, but later removed this as part of testing and it seemed to make no difference.

I added a DELETE route for the user to delete any entries on the "going" table in the instance that they had indicated attendance at an event, then been unable to go. For demo purposes, the username is "user" and is associated only wiht the event_id 1. I intended to implement an "I can't go" button for users who could no longer attend an event, but couldn't get that far. I tried to implement filtering of events by name, but got as far as loading all events by name into a select element (avoiding duplication) and got completely stuck looking into how to make it work. I also added an onChange property to each select option as part of this, but didn't get further than this, as I could'nt figure out how to then use this updated state to submit a filtered query and render the results in place of the full events list. Much of the code I'm referring to here is no longer in the files as it was stashed due to breaking the app, though the delete route is still present in the server file.

When implementing polling I had intended to import the functionality from a file in the lib folder, but could'nt work out how to make that work in this case, so instead refactored the code to work in the relevant components. Any feedback on this would be helpful. Should I have used props, and if so, how would that work in this case?

If continuing to develop the concept I would want to add the ability to create an account and have a friends list in order to see what events friends are going to, filter accordingly and notify friends when you add an event you're attending in additional to other filtering options.

I'm quite dissapointed I wasn't able to do more with this assignment, as I feel I only achieved the basic requirements, but by Sunday afternoon I was already feeling very stressed and burnt-out from this and struggled to keep working through the more complex problems. I also didn't manage to style the page very well, as so much time and effort went into the logic.
